# Journal: Mario Maker First Level
Peter Rosenthal - ATLS 4140
### Theme:
I chose to go with the Super Mario Bros. 3 style of game because it was actually the Mario that I played the most when I was growing up. I also wanted to use the sunny above ground setting because it felt more recognizable to me than the other settings. I'm not really too sure what I was doing, and so I don't think my level is really too dificult at all, but I don't think it would be too easy as well, so that's nice.
### Feedback:
I completely forgot to write up about the feedback after I went to class and had someone play my game. But better late than never? Willie ended up playing my level and didn't even have a problem at all. He beat the level right away with out any trouble, and I thought maybe I made my level way too easy then. But later Willie showed his level that turned out to be impossible for anyone else but him. So I suspect that the challange of my level was still there, but just not enough for a player as good as him. Nobody else in the class played the game, but I did get some good feedback from them watching it. Somebody said that I was able to create tension at the begining with the jump and gap that was small to get into and small to get out of. That was good because that was one of my goals with the level. It was also mentioned that it was "short and sweet," which is a nice way to say that it could've been longer, but honestly I just don't know how to make a level longer in Mario Maker. I'd say that my biggest challenge overall in this assignment was actually how unfamiliar I was with the Mario Maker interface, and I'm definitely going to be watching some tutorials before the next Mario Maker assignment.
