# Journal: Level Design Assesment
Peter Rosenthal  ATLS 4140
## Game: Sekiro Shadows Die Twice
## Level: Hirata Estate
From the second checkpoint through to the first mini-boss of the level.
### Call to Action
The call to action overall in the level is that you are a shinobi sworn to protect this Hirata kid, but the whole Hirata estate is on fire and under attack from bandits. So the call is to get to the end/middle of the estate on fire, and save the young prince.
### New Mechanics
There are two new mechanics introduced in this portion of the level. First is the shinobi axe prostetic tool that allows the player to break the posture of any regular enemy in a single blow. The player first learns of the shinobi axe when you walk by an injured Hirata warrior who tells you with his dieing breath to get the shinobi axe, even though you have no idea what it is. Right after that the player is expected to turn away from the level's main goal to go open a shortcut, making the level shorter from the checkpoint. This is a common level design aspect of FromSoftware games, and players experienced with their games will do such a move without even thinking consciously about it. There the player will get distracted by some enemy bandits standing next to a temple with burning torches in their hands. The player can eavesdrop on the enemies, a mechanic that has already been introduced in the game, to find out that they will be burning the temple to destroy the shinobi axe inside. That's when the player can kill the enemies and collect the shinobi axe. Immediately after collecting the shinobi axe, the player encounters their first shielded enemies that are incredibly challenging to kill because of their low damage but super high posture. The new axe item lets the player break their posture instantly to get a quick and easy kill, so it is an important new mechanic for the "doability" of the level.

The second new mechaninc introduced in this level is later on with the mini-boss encounter right before the next checkpoint. The mini-boss is called the "Shinobi Hunter" and it's heavily implied that this fight is going to be very hard, afterall the name says that he's hunting the player. The Shinobi Hunter uses a spear which isn't a unique weapon at this point in the game, but it is a very uncommon weapon for an enemy to have. Spears are special because they cannot be blocked or countered like a normal weapon can. The combat in Sekiro relies very heavily on blocking and countering, and with that aspect of combat taken out, the fight isn't quite impossible, but it's very close to. In order to beat this mini-boss and progress in the level, the player has to learn the new skill "mikiri counter" which allows the player to counter spear attacks with the press of a different counter button at perfect timing. The mikiri counter is a hard skill to land, and so the challenging mini-boss really forces the player to learn how to use the skill effectively because of how important it is later in the game.
