# Journal: Mario Maker Second Level
Peter Rosethal  
ATLS 4140
### Design Intentions
In my first Mario Maker assignment, a month ago, I explored with a level in the air with gaps, and I wanted to expand on this in my second Mario Maker assignment by having an optional upper level that was similar to the design in my first assignment, but then also a full bottom level to fill out with typical level design. Now that I've learned a little bit of level design in this course, I know that I should have some sort of incentive for the player to take the top route instead of just continuing on through the bottom like normal. For this I put a lot of \[?\] boxes leading towards the top, and a big coin stash at the very top as a reward.
### Feedback
I accidentally made my level way too easy. I remebered to give the player a reward/incentive to take the upper route, but I didn't realize that I was already rewarding them by making the upper route way too easy to finish the level with, simply just avoiding all of the enemies without even any hard gaps for the player to jump over or anything. I think I was more comfortable with the Mario Maker interface this time around, and I was even able to resize the level. I thought I was making my level longer this time than last time, but I think I ended up with a very "short and sweet" level again. To improve on it, I would try adding more challegning precision jumps to the top half of the level, and extend the level more so that there is more room for obstacles. And I would then also like to create a small mini-boss area with one of the harder enemies in the game right before the coins, so that the player has a much bigger challenge before getting such a large reward. Overall I think I created a much more alive and real feeling level than the first assignment, it just wasn't big enough or hard enough.
