# Journal: Game Interface at the MAL
Peter Rosenthal  
ATLS 4140
## Moon Lander on the Vectrex
The first game I played in the MAL was Moon Lander on the Vectrex, but the interface was very simple and straightforward. All it really had was x1, x2, and x5 point multipliers, which were very familiar because it's a common thing to be in an interface in a similar game nowadays. After completing the level, I would occasionally get something like a "good fuel use bonus" that I'm really not quite sure how exactly I got that bonus because I never saw a fuel level or meter or anything.
## Drawing on the Vectrex
The second "game" I played was the Art Cart 2 game on the Vectrex, which let me use the stylus like thing to draw on the screen. This interface was quite different from a normal drawing interface. To start out with, you can't just put the pen to the screen and start drawing, intsead you have to go "pick up" the dot that starts in the center of the screen and drag that around to draw. This was an interesting change from the modern interfaces that I'm used to, and I wonder if they did that for technical reasons or for any other reason. The second intersting thing about the interface that I encountered is that modern drawing systems usually let you know the bounds of what you can draw. And if the available canvas is actually the entire screen, then on modern computers it's at least noticable where the screen ends. In the vectrex, you get the entire screen to draw, but the entire screen is actually smaller than it physically appears, so the actual bounds aren't visible. The Art Cart game doesn't draw a border around the screen showing you where you actually can draw, and so often times I would run into the edge of where I could draw, and the line I was drawing would just unexpectedly stop. It would usually be pretty hard to save that drawing by that point, because the drawing was planned expecting that space, so I'd just start the drawing over again whenever that happened. That was definitely a weird little interface quirk that caused me plenty of problems, and the fix that modern interfaces have for it is really simple.
